The Angel Next Door
Spoils Me Rotten
Amane!
I know you're there!
There you are, Amane. Don't you look well?
Yeah, yeah. I'm very well,
so will you leave now?
Wow, what a way to talk to your mother.
It took me hours to come
all the way here, you know.
Fujimiya
Show a little appreciation!
Thank you very much for
traveling such a long distance.
Now leave.
My!
Unlike Shuto-san, you have
absolutely no charm.
Guys don't need charm anyway.
A rebellious phase, huh?
Well then, please excuse me.
Wait a second.
Nobody said...
You realize Shuto-san's and my income
is what pays the rent here?
Fujimiya
Excuse me, please.
Reward for the Angel
Listen, Mom.
If you're coming over, at least
tell me first. Like an adult.
I have to catch you off guard to make sure
you're actually taking care of yourself.
B-But I'm okay, right?
The place is clean, too.
It sure is. What a surprise.
Very unexpected.
And your skin is glowing, so you
must be getting enough nutrition.
Y-Yeah.
Oh, no.
Amane! I know you're there!
Sorry! Will you go to my
room for a while? Please.
Amane!
O-Okay.
Also, I'll give you this.
Amane! I know you can hear me!
I'll find a way to drag my mom outside.
Amane!
Hurry and open up! Amane?
When I do, go back to your place.
It looks like you've been cooking, too.
Oh? Dishes for two?
Yeah, I had a friend over.
Hmm...
Maybe I'll check your bedroom next.
I know you're my mother, but I prefer
to keep my bedroom private.
Oh, yeah? Do you have something
embarrassing in there?
Think about it.
A high school boy is
going to have one or two
embarrassing things in his bedroom!
Amane.
Y-Yes?
What are you hiding from me?
It's none of your business, Mom.
Of course you'd say something like that.
In that case...
Huh?
Amane! You little devil, you!
You've got such an adorable girlfriend!
I can't leave you alone for a second!
N-No way! She isn't
my girlfriend or anything!
Oh, my. You don't need to make excuses to me!
As your mother, I'll support
anyone you choose, Amane.
But you're getting it—
Wrong? How?
You wouldn't invite a girl
over unless you liked her.
And a girl wouldn't go in a boy's
room unless she liked him, too.
Well, I guess I do like her.
I like her as a friend.
Don't try to turn all opposite-sex
friendships into something romantic.
I know she doesn't
think of it that way either.
If you get the wrong idea—
Oh.
Hmm?
Sh-Shiina.
There's been a misunderstanding.
Could you help me explain?
Misunderstanding?
Hey, hey, Miss Girlfriend. What's your name?
Huh?!
U-Um, I'm Mahiru Shiina.
Aww, Mahiru-chan? What an adorable name!
I'm Shihoko. Feel free
to call me by my first name, too.
S-Sure.
U-Um, Amane's Mother...
Oh, my! You accept me as a mother already?
Fujimiya-san!
"Fujimiya" could mean me or Amane.
Right, Amane?
Eh? Mom, you're making Shiina nervous.
Amane.
You have to call your girlfriend
by her first name, you know.
U-Um, Shihoko-san?
What, darling?
Fujimiya-san and I—
But which one do you mean?
A-Amane-kun and I don't have
that kind of relationship.
Oh, dear! So I guess
things are still developing!
Huh? Um, that isn't what I...
Oh, silly me!
Did I accidentally spoil the mood here?
U-Um...
I must insist that you allow me to explain!
Yes, ma'am.
Amane... kun lets me eat dinner with him.
Amane-kun can't cook for himself, so...
If that's why, then I'd love for you
to keep supporting him, Mahiru-chan!
N-No, I mean...
Give it up, Shiina.
Once Mom gets worked up, she stops listening.
Oh, no!
Really?
Not just cooking, but cleaning, too?
Does that mean you two are living together?
How did you come up with that?!
She lives next door!
Oh, my. So you were destined to meet!
I'm so happy for you, Amane!
Such a beautiful and well-rounded girl
tending to your every need!
I don't deny that she's beautiful
and classy, but "destined to meet"?!
Mahiru-chan, as a parent
I may not be perfectly objective,
but while Amane has a mouth on him
and is pretty stubborn,
he can still be sincere and gentlemanly,
so I think it's fair to say
you scored a real prize.
O-Oh.
Well, he does have
zero experience with girls,
so it's probably best if you
take the reins there, Mahiru-chan.
Mom, what are you talking about?!
Seriously, shut up!
Just go home already!
Well, if you insist.
All right, then.
I did spoil your special time
with your girlfriend, after all.
Oh. Mahiru-chan?
Huh? Y-Yes?
Mahiru-chan, will you give me
your contact info?
O-Okay.
That was exhausting.
Sorry. I sent her home
without clearing anything up.
It's all right. There's no real harm.
I wouldn't be so sure.
It looked like she really liked you, Shiina.
She'll probably keep bugging you.
Shihoko-san really does think the world
of you, doesn't she, Fujimiya-san?
That must be nice.
What's nice about it?
Your mother.
She's really bubbly, but she's kind.
More like nosy and annoying!
It still seems nice, though.
"Mahiru-chan," huh?
What is it now?
Oh, it's been a while since someone's
called me by my own name.
It's always my last name.
Well, if you don't have friends who are
that close, then probably just your parents.
My parents would never call me
by my name. Ever.
Anyway, it's just unusual for me.
Mahiru.
It's not hard to get someone
to call you by your name.
I guess that's true.
Amane-kun.
Just don't call me that in public, okay?
You don't have to tell me!
You, too. Don't let it slip
in front of people.
I understand. It'll be our secret, right?
Yeah.
Oh.
I should return your key.
I don't mind if you keep it for a while.
Huh?
You can just give it back when
we stop hanging out.
Yeah, but...
It's a pain to have
to go to the door every time.
Your true intentions are showing.
Don't you get tired of using
the intercom and waiting?
Even if I did, you're making
a very incautious decision.
I'm lending it to you
because I trust you.
All right, then. I'll borrow it.
Just don't blame me if something
happens to your place, okay?
Like what?
Like you find the entire room
cleaned without your knowledge.
I'd appreciate that!
Or you find your fridge stuffed
with ready-to-eat meals!
I'd be so happy at breakfast!
Are you trying to make fun of me?
Not one bit.
The Angel Next Door
Spoils Me Rotten
Seijo High School
Good morning.
I'm still tired.
They posted the scores today?
First                Year
Combined 12-subject test scores for second term finals
1.     Mahiru Shiina 1180 pts.
2.     Rika Aizawa 1155 pts.
3.     Akane Nishikawa 1130 pts.
4.     Masahiro Kitazawa 1115 pts.
What's it got to do with you?
18.          Saizo Minoshima 1028 pts.
19.          Kenta Mitsuki 1021 pts.
20.          Takuya Oki 1007 pts.
21.          Amane Fujimiya 985 pts.
22.          Rie Miuchi 971 pts.
23.          Yuichi Imaeda 960 pts.
24.          Mika Makino 955 pts.
Yeah, that's about right.
First                   Year
Combined 12-subject test scores for second term finals
1. Mahiru Shiina 1180 pts.
2. Rika Aizawa 1155 pts.
3. Akane Nishikawa 1130 pts.
4. Masahiro Kitazawa 1115 pts.
5. Hiroki Yusa 1110 pts.
6. Kanako Hasegawa 1103 pts.
7. Mikiya Suzuki 984 pts.
Shiina-san is first place again.
That's our angel! Her brain
must be made of different stuff.
No kidding, no kidding.
You just don't see how hard she works.
Maybe I can do something, at least.
Huh?
Amane-kun, what is this?
Oh. Cake.
Do you like cake?
Not especially.
I bought that for you.
Huh? Why?
You're at the top of the class.
That deserves a little celebration.
Congratulations on first place.
But I always get first place,
so I don't think it's that special.
Yeah, but you still always work really hard.
Why not accept a little reward for once?
A reward...
Yeah. Congrats.
Thank you. I appreciate it.
Is something wrong?
No, it's nothing.
Oh.
Wha—
N-No, I didn't mean I wanted some.
Oh, you didn't?
I'll take it if you're offering, of course.
You're the one who bought it
in the first place, Amane-kun,
so I think you have every right to eat some.
It's so sweet!
Well, it is cake.
Give it here.
I'm, uh...
Eat.
So? How was that?
D-Delicious.
No. I mean being fed like that.
It was entirely unbearable.
I thought so.
If you do stuff like this,
people get the wrong idea.
I've got to keep my guard up, too.
I thought I'd try making lunches by myself,
but I'm so used to Mahiru's
fantastic cooking now,
I'm not sure I'll even
be able to finish my own.
Yeah, seriously.
Mahiru is spoiling me rotten.
Oh.
Were you shopping, too, Amane-kun?
Well, sorta.
But shouldn't you let me handle that?
Huh?
Amane-kun, are you confident
you won't make a mess of your kitchen?
Fujimiya
Not a bit.
Then it might be best if I
were to supervise things.
So you've decided on the menu?
Sautéed vegetables and omelettes.
Are you seasoning the vegetables?
Yeah. Gonna douse 'em with yakiniku sauce.
Quite a bold flavor, then.
Taste it! Please!
Thank you for the food.
It's just bland scrambled eggs.
You didn't add any salt or pepper, did you?
Ah... I completely forgot.
And it was supposed to be an omelette, too.
You stirred the eggs too much.
What did you think would happen
if you scrambled them like that?
I even warned you.
I'm sorry!
Why don't you try the one I made as a sample?
Please eat it before it gets cold.
Thanks.
I think you did the best
you could, Amane-kun.
The important part is
having a desire to cook.
But if you ever reached the point
where you could cook well by yourself,
I wonder if my services
would no longer be needed.
No! I mean, I...
I want to keep eating your cooking, Mahiru!
Though I know how pathetic
and presumptuous that sounds...
What am I going to do with you?
I don't plan to quit any time soon,
so I think you can relax.
Thank you.
Maybe I'll have you help out
from time to time.
Peeling vegetables and stuff.
But that's a job for a kid.
We have to start you off small, Amane-kun.
Hey, Amane!
With authentic flavors...
Xmas Party Set
Christmas party at your place?
No way.
Aww! Why not? I know you'll be alo—
Is it your girlfriend?!
The one you bought the presents for?!
Hell no. I don't have a girlfriend.
Huh?
But would you really give a stuffed
animal to a casual acquaintance?
To my neighbor, yeah.
She shares food and helps me out with stuff.
No wonder your complexion
is so much better recently.
If there's no girlfriend, then why not?
Let's have a Christmas party at your place!
If you don't want to, it's fine with us.
Hmm...
Hmm?
Fine, then.
The 24th, right?
We can wrap up before dinner anyway.
As long as we finish by then.
Ya win. I guess I gotta play along.
Ao ao ao! Tha hurrs!
Don't be so full of yourself!
Ikkun, Awane-kun ullying ee!
Hold it, Amane.
Is this the mouth those words
came out of? Huh? Is it?
Quit picking on Chi.
I'm the only one who can pinch those cheeks!
Fine, fine. Then squeeze them
real good for me.
I can handle that.
It's not fair if he makes you do it! Aww!
Squishy squishy squishy!
Staaahp!
You're such a cutie!
Can I leave now?
Plans for Christmas?
Nothing in particular.
Oh, really?
I was sure you'd have
a girls' night or something.
Most of the classmates
I keep in touch with have boyfriends,
and I turned down
all the boys who invited me out.
I'll be free one way or another.
I bet those boys are all in tears now.
But if you're asking me about Christmas
plans, does that mean you have some?
Hmm?
Yeah, Itsuki is coming over
on the afternoon of the 24th.
Itsuki?
He's my buddy.
His girlfriend's coming, too.
I understand. Let me know when
your Christmas party is over, then.
Okay. Sorry about this.
It's fine. I hope you have fun.
Won't you be lonely?
I'm used to it.
Being alone.
Ah, actually...
I realize this may sound presumptuous,
but while Christmas Eve might not work,
how about spending Christmas together?
Spend it together doing what?
Huh? Uh...
I guess there's really nothing to do. Sorry.
Then...
Huh?
I want to try that thing.
That thing?
I've never played one of those before.
Is that okay? Just playing games and stuff?
Yes, that sounds good.
Merry Christmas!
Still, you sure cleaned up around here.
It was pretty gnarly for a while.
Mm-hmm. And it seems
to have a feminine touch.
Why would you say that? More importantly,
don't snuggle so much
at someone else's place!
You jealous, man?
Not particularly.
I wonder if everyone else
is snuggled up like this, too.
Don't forget the guys who are
crying tears of blood tonight.
Oh, yeah. A while ago,
a bunch of boys ganged up together
to try to ask the angel out on Christmas...
If you please!
I'm very sorry.
...and she shot them all down at once.
She said, "I can't because I have plans
with someone else," or something.
Huh.
You really don't care about
the angel at all, do you, Amane?
Is it because your neighbor's
the real angel to you?
Wanna get kicked out?
Oh noes!
Ikkun, look! It's snowing!
Whoa! We're getting a real white Christmas!
Hey, hey, Ikkun! Let's go out on the balcony!
Yeah!
White Christmas!
First snow of the season.
Huh?! Wha—?! What are you doing here?!
What? Whaaat?!?
Ma...
Uh...
Oh.
Next Time